README.md, before:

# _Beep Boop_

#### _A web page that converts numbers to words, 6-14-2019_

#### _Author: Alex Siegberg_

## Description

_This web page will ask the user to input any given number. After submitting that number, the program will translate 1's, 2's and 3's to special messages, in the order of least priority to top priority and print that message to the web page. Any other number will be printed directly to the web page._

## Setup/Installation

Step 1: Clone this repository to your desktop

Step 2: Open the index.html file

or view on GitHub Pages linked below

_[GitHub Pages](http://alexx.github.io/beep-boop/)_

## Licensing

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 Alex Siegberg

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

update README, refactor error handling

README.md, after:

# _Beep Boop_

#### _A web page that converts numbers to words, 6-14-2019_

#### _Author: Alex Siegberg_

## Description

_This web page will ask the user to input any given number. After submitting that number, the program will translate 1's, 2's and 3's to special messages, in the order of least priority to top priority and print that message to the web page. Any other number will be printed directly to the web page._

## Spec

| Behavior | Input | Output |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| The program will not output anything if a non number is entered | red | Error: Enter a number! | 
| This program will output numbers 4-9,0 directly to the web page | 5 | 5 |
| numbers containing 1 (least priority) | 1 | "Beep!" |
| numbers containing 2 (medium priority) | 21 | "Boop!" |
| numbers containing 3 (highest priority) | 13 | "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that." |
## Setup/Installation

Step 1: Clone this repository to your desktop

Step 2: Open the index.html file

or view on GitHub Pages linked below

_[GitHub Pages](http://alexx.github.io/beep-boop/)_

## Licensing

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 Alex Siegberg

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
